c:\users\nicegood\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Library Management System\Library Management System\bin\Debug\Library Management System.exe.config
c:\users\nicegood\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Library Management System\Library Management System\obj\Debug\Library Management System.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nicegood\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Library Management System\Library Management System\obj\Debug\Library_Management_System.Resources.resources
c:\users\nicegood\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Library Management System\Library Management System\obj\Debug\Library Management System.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\nicegood\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Library Management System\Library Management System\obj\Debug\Library Management System.xml
c:\users\nicegood\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Library Management System\Library Management System\bin\Debug\Library Management System.exe
c:\users\nicegood\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Library Management System\Library Management System\bin\Debug\Library Management System.pdb
c:\users\nicegood\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Library Management System\Library Management System\bin\Debug\Library Management System.xml
c:\users\nicegood\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Library Management System\Library Management System\obj\Debug\Library Management System.exe
c:\users\nicegood\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Library Management System\Library Management System\obj\Debug\Library Management System.pdb
c:\users\nicegood\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Library Management System\Library Management System\obj\Debug\Library_Management_System.formLogin.resources
C:\Users\NICEGOOD\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Library Management System\Library Management System\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualBasic.PowerPacks.dll
C:\Users\NICEGOOD\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Library Management System\Library Management System\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualBasic.PowerPacks.xml
C:\Users\NICEGOOD\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Library Management System\Library Management System\obj\Debug\Library_Management_System.formMain.resources
C:\Users\NICEGOOD\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Library Management System\Library Management System\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\NICEGOOD\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Library Management System\Library Management System\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
C:\Users\NICEGOOD\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Library Management System\Library Management System\obj\Debug\Library_Management_System.dialogStudent.resources
C:\Users\NICEGOOD\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Library Management System\Library Management System\obj\Debug\Library_Management_System.dialogBook.resources
C:\Users\NICEGOOD\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Library Management System\Library Management System\obj\Debug\Library_Management_System.printBorrowedBookReceipt.resources
C:\Users\NICEGOOD\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Library Management System\Library Management System\obj\Debug\Library_Management_System.dialogLibrarian.resources
C:\Users\NICEGOOD\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Library Management System\Library Management System\obj\Debug\Library_Management_System.sasas.resources
